Knowledge Article: VDI - Basic Troubleshooting
Are you processing a payment?
If they answer Yes, we are going to open a ticket (proceed to opening a ticket as a Pri. 3, Impact 3, Urgency 1). This ticket needs to be labeled differently (not VDI).
Category: Software
Sub-category: Performance
Configuration Item: GK POS
Short description: POS payment issue
If they answer No, proceed to step 1 as detailed below.
I can help you get your VDI working again. Let's try a couple of quick steps.
Sometimes it just needs a quick reset.
Step 1 - Log off the POS and reset the VDI
Steps
1. From the GK POS screen, go to the top-left corner and click the three-line Menu (☰).
2. Select Log Off.
If you have two sessions running, log off the second session as well.
3. You will be returned to the VDI screen.
4. Find the yellow key symbol with the words LOG OUT on the VDI desktop and double-click it.
This completes a proper logoff from the machine, clearing the active user session.
5. From the Windows desktop, search for Windows App in the search box (bottom left corner) on your computer and click the application.
6. Sign in to the VDI.

Did that resolve your issue?
If no, still not working...
I can try one more step from my end - I will force a logoff of the VDI session. This may take a few moments. Can you confirm whether this is for your VDI or someone else's?
No, it's for someone else (proceed with opening a ticket)
Yes, it's for me.
I will force a logoff of the VDI session. Please hold for a moment while I complete this step. I will let you know when you can try logging back into your VDI.
(After the API is run to disconnect the host session)
You should be all set. Go ahead and try logging back into your VDI.
Did that resolve your issue? Ticket should be opened with
Category: Software
Subcategory: Data problem
Config item: Azure Virtual Desktop or Store VDI
If no, still not working...
Thanks for working through those steps with me.
It looks like you need additional support, so I'm opening a ticket with a trusted expert to investigate further. Your ticket number is: INC123456. If you would like to check the status of this ticket, you can view it anytime from the home page under My Incidents. Thank you - we will work to resolve this as quickly as possible.
